I hope you are fine we have
back upcycling design was yes and
Although this cool thing is here
pencil case and granted but now
I'm sure you say
yes, what's so special about that
special is the technology from which I get that
and I did the whole thing
bags made quite normal
shopping bags and that's how the whole thing looks
inside and I'll show you how we do that
Whole you do what you in any case
you need bags for that
I have my cock so beautiful here
rausgekramt then you need on
every case of packing paper very important piece
felt that is already tailored
I bought so the size of 30 times 20
a ruler scissors and now the whole
important things to an iron that
you definitely need and
hot glue gun you need of course
also a bit of tape that it has to be too
not too long but there you can like
just take a tape or a simple tape
take or maybe it's even whole
good if you take a rubber for it
then come the donors
in between
we'll come soon we want the bags
Iron together and I'll take it
now my first felt as a
clue to the size and will
my types cut apart and
then try that in patchwork-like
this unity with the people too
stick
Berlin I have the types here now
always cut out times to the square
here tried to bring in forms or
triangle or just a train
cut out and now you have to
put down your baking paper called for you
so put it on the pieces so
This puzzle is a bit like that
patchwork looks moderate and a surface
make it bigger
every case as your felt piece and
Sophies then puts on a baking paper like that
The whole thing will be in the end
So it looks like trying to puzzle
and I'm considering that now again
everything here so a bit cope
it is important that you if you bag your
fritter so before you go places that the
really complete is that we
see no baking paper underneath and then
Do you take your second paper sets
Do this and grab yours
iron goes to the lowest
step and press your thumb
no, but be careful not too long
was on hold
otherwise it may be becker
Watch how long it takes approximately
it looks like the whole thing has something like that
I get an animal print
think it's pretty cool and that 's up
every now the area with the us
can work
now the whole time turns and take
your felt piece and is that there
and now we have to do that
actually only cut around it
but it would not directly s.der film
cut but a bit bigger
still leave because maybe that sees
also good because I can cut off
still
and that's why I'll take it the best
times just snail schnecker pin
and fortified the whole was
I cut it out here now
and as you can see I have here
the edges a little bag from
leave
and the next step is now the
hot glue gun now we have to
namely to fix felt to the tables
and mine is definitely hot
we can run the pins
lose weight again
i make the hot glue on the
films and not too much on the edge of it
do not stop pushing
I cut myself against them now
decided and put that around because
I think that values the whole again
on there is a stable knew and
Of course, we still have to
take care of the inside of the et
you take a new band and we want
whence ye do know that determines
all there - and from the pen holder it
Tend something in the trees page
usually a rubber band is there
then stop the donors
and we will be so relative here
get stuck in the middle
I already have a pen here
plugged in and it really looks
I think from the case I wanted
originally actually continuous
make the band but since you have a
want want is that I think better
if I leave here in the middle gap
and then on the right and left
divide what he might do
should be what i have completely forgotten
if you want to record that then
This is best done before you film
attached to the bag then both goes
easier at the beginning I was lucky now
that is not visible to the outside
yes my luck but it is definitely
a bit awkward and I have it
somehow forgotten so does it in
each case only to the felt and lives
The fans then on the bag that as
Tip by the way and then if you
The corners here folded and then sticks
you can also like to with the
iron temporarily that too
is already fixed and now we only have to
still the whole one want like that
looks and then
still attach it so that too
beautiful as it looks ever rolled
from but of course does not count it goes
again, that's why we have to get there
think again and I thought so
only wall and there I count just like that
attach so the piece
So you either take it one day
this 3d does not matter
and then the whole thing is attached to the
best double location so that all here
so the middle divides
anyone can just sew on
I really was my life again
I'm sure I can play
comes pretty cool things out of that
Of course you can also do it with fabric
but just make the technology with the
bag i found pretty cool because after
you did that and it works
as you can see, you can do that
do everything possible as it were
I also use fabric
the optics pretty course has something legal
is and somehow also sony with pressure
So it even looks like one
snake brewster and I'm pretty
cool
I hope you like it also let me
In any case, a thumb is allowed if you
the first time you have turned on then
let me be happy abo that let me happy
I have a lot of comments for example
really care what you have
other made of it
yes, there comes a lot together
I like reading it then
otherwise you will see more videos from
me to two of me are already here
and I hope you are that
again next time